Update gqlgen init template to default to spec-compliant Int (#3409)
99designs/gqlgen: docs/content/config.md

# Where should the generated server code go?
exec:
  package: graph
  layout: single-file # Only other option is "follow-schema," ie multi-file.

  # Only for single-file layout:
  filename: graph/generated.go

  # Only for follow-schema layout:
  # dir: graph
  # filename_template: "{name}.generated.go"

  # Optional: Maximum number of goroutines in concurrency to use per child resolvers(default: unlimited)
  # worker_limit: 1000

# Uncomment to enable federation
# federation:
#   filename: graph/federation.go
#   package: graph
#   version: 2
#   options:

> #     computed_requires: true

Reviewer: Not sure about commenting this out. FE People use Apollo on the frontend and are not always aware that that they are using Apollo _**federation**_ directives when they are using a single backend, but want to dip their does into gqlgen and have it "just work"

> # Uncomment to enable federation
> # federation:
> #   filename: graph/federation.go
> #   package: graph
> #   version: 2
> #   options:
> #     computed_requires: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Comment or remove this section to skip Apollo Federation support
federation:
  filename: graph/federation.go
  package: graph
  version: 2
  options:
    computed_requires: true
```

# Where should any generated models go?
model:
  filename: graph/model/models_gen.go
  package: model

  # Optional: Pass in a path to a new gotpl template to use for generating the models
  # model_template: [your/path/model.gotpl]

# Where should the resolver implementations go?
resolver:
  package: graph

>   layout: follow-schema # Only other option is "single-file."

Reviewer: Comments! How lovely!

      - github.com/99designs/gqlgen/graphql.Int
      - github.com/99designs/gqlgen/graphql.Int64
      - github.com/99designs/gqlgen/graphql.Int32

>   UUID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # gqlgen provides a default GraphQL UUID convenience wrapper for github.com/google/uuid 
  # but you can override this to provide your own GraphQL UUID implementation
  UUID:
```
